SET 1
He is the same person that you read about in the book , Winnie the Pooh .
When Chris was three years old , his father wrote a poem about him .
Winnie the Pooh was written in 1925 .
As a boy , Chris lived in a pretty home called Cotchfield Farm .
They tell what it is like to be famous .
SET 2
The last Pony Express rider leaves town today .
Last year , the Pony Express was a new way to deliver the mail .
Since April , 1860 , mail has been sent this way .
Then the rider will stop at a swing station .
It is called the telegraph .
SET 3
The pledge was written by Frances Bellamy .
We are named after this brave sailor .
Four hundred years ago today , Christopher Columbus first saw our country .
So , today , schools all over our land will display the flag .
He wrote it so young people could feel proud of their land .
SET 4
A young boy may have found the bones of a new kind of dinosaur . 
He said they must be from a dinosaur .
The teeth and bones may have been on the ground for thousands or millions of years .
They will be put in a safe place in a museum .
SET 5
A man named Mister Sholes made his first typewriter 16 years ago .
The machine is called a typewriter .
A man named Mister Sholes made his first typewriter 16 years ago .
-LRB- MILWAUKEE , WISCONSIN , June ,1873 -RRB- .
SET 6
But a group of school children have cleaned up Pigeon Creek .
But a group of school children have cleaned up Pigeon Creek .
In 1983 , the creek was so dirty that the fish had all died .
First they cleaned out the bottom of the creek , called the creek bed .
SET 7
He says he lived alone on an island for four years and four months .
He ate plums , crayfish , peppers , and turnips .
Alex was rescued on February 12 .
He lived in a cave .
SET 8
You might be just the right age by then to be an astronaut .
It will point laser beams at the surface and shoot .
-LRB- Somewhere in outer space , March , 1989 -RRB-.
If you were on this spacecraft , you would see strange sights on Mars .
SET 9
But hunters still find them and shoot them .
The largest land animal in this country is a bird .
There are no easy answers for how to save these animals .
They play in the waters of Florida .
SET 10
Then , workers must fix the animals .
Another name for a merry-go-round is `` carousel '' -LRB- CAR-uh-sel -RRB- .
The first merry-go-round in the United States was built in 1799 .
It was built in a park in Salem .
SET 11
The captain 's name is Thor .
The name of their boat is the Kon Tiki .
On day 101 of the trip , they reached the shores of the South Sea Islands .
The men left Peru on April 28 .
SET 12
Jesse Owens is the fastest man in the world .
A band plays the `` Star-Spangled Banner . '' .
In high school , he began to train .
Today , Jesse won his fourth gold medal in the Olympics .
SET 13
Today , a girl named Lynne Cox swam from the United States to Russia !
To get ready for this swim , Lynne swam miles each day in ice-cold water .
-LRB- RUSSIA , July , 1987 -RRB- .
She left from an island in Alaska .
They were ready to help if she needed it .
SET 14
Two mountain climbers have reached the top of the world 's tallest mountain .
After hours of fighting the snow and ice , they reached the top , called the summit .
After hours of fighting the snow and ice , they reached the top , called the summit .
-LRB- NEPAL , 1953 -RRB- .
SET 15
Baby Shamu 's mother is named Kandu .
Her name is Baby Shamu .
-LRB- ORLANDO , FLORIDA , September , 1985 -RRB- .
She was born in a sea animal park called Sea World .
Baby Shamu will be the first killer whale to grow up with people .
SET 16
A young boy flew through the sky like a bird today .
He had gone into town to see a hot air balloon .
But , as Guerin walked near it , the balloon began to break loose .
They were eating their lunch in a haystack .
SET 17
Groundhogs are small , furry animals .
They are also known as woodchucks .
The tale says to watch the groundhogs on February 2 .
Most of them live in the northern United States and Canada .
SET 18
An Indian named Squanto came to help them .
On that day , people will eat a great feast .
The first day of thanks was held in 1621 .
They had come to this new land from England in 1620 .
SET 19
You must live far north to see the northern lights .
It gives electric power to specks of dust .
Most of the time , you can only see them at the start of spring or in the fall .
If you look at the sky tonight , you may see the northern lights .
SET 20
Eskimos live in Greenland .
Today the sun will rise but it wo n't set for four months .
About October 1 , the sun will start to set .
This is why Greenland is often called , `` the land of the midnight sun . '' .
SET 21
Other countries have said they will come to Alaska to help .
Many fish are in danger .
A big clean-up must take place right away .
-LRB- PRINCE WILLIAM SOUND , ALASKA , March 24 , 1989 -RRB- .
SET 22
A man named Noah Webster wrote this book .
Instead of stories , the book shows how to spell words .
He has worked on it for 25 years .
During the day , Noah teaches school .
SET 23
It was hand-blown years ago by the Shelby Company .
But a bulb in Livermore has been shining day and night since 1901 !
-LRB- LIVERMORE , CALIFORNIA , 1979 -RRB- .
Before 1879 , people used candles or oil lamps .
SET 24
His name is Francis Johnson .
The biggest ball is made from string .
In 1950 , he started with one piece of string .
Today , it can be seen in Mister Johnson 's backyard .
SET 25
A rich man saw it and wanted to buy it .
London Bridge really is falling down .
The job will take six years .
Its new home will be a small town in Arizona .
SET 29
Pliny was visiting his uncle .
A large , white cloud was in the sky .
-LRB- ITALY , August 30 , A. D. 79 -RRB- .
They say that the whole town is under 20 feet of ashes .
SET 30
King and Queen Have New Throne .
They were about to be covered with water .
-LRB- EGYPT , 1966 -RRB- .
-LRB- EGYPT , 1966 -RRB- .