SET 1
At noon , two small children cut a ribbon .
It is called the Empire State Building .
At noon , two small children cut a ribbon .
The world 's tallest building opened today in New York City .
SET 2
The White House is the home of the President of the United States .
The White House was on fire .
It was Christmas Eve .
Firemen jumped to the ground with hoses .
SET 3
She was a cook and house cleaner .
She wanted a bone for her dog .
She lived more than 100 years ago .
The home is in England .
SET 4
A four-year-old boy went to visit his relatives last month .
A sign was hung around the boy 's neck .
His sign was stamped , just like a letter .
-LRB- DETROIT , 1929 -RRB- .
SET 5
The club is for boys who are under 12 years old .
At each meeting , they make a promise .
When the Cub Scouts reach the age of 12 , they can be Boy Scouts .
But these dens are rooms or basements in their own homes .
SET 6
A man in London was talking to a man in New York .
Now you can talk to your friends across the ocean on the telephone .
But your watch says it 's only 10 o'clock in the morning .
For the first time , phone lines have been placed in the ocean .
SET 7
Some scientists were digging in the ground .
Inside the egg , they can see a creature .
It is about 100 million years old .
The dinosaur 's mother must have been standing in the lake .
SET 8
A man was digging in the frozen ground .
At his feet he saw what looked like a baby elephant .
The last mammoth on Earth died at least 10,000 years ago .
Its body had been kept in good shape by the ice .
SET 9
The present king , Edward , has said he will soon leave the throne .
It is said that Edward is giving up the throne to get married .
He has been king only for one year .
Most of them live in India .
SET 10
The Walt Disney Show was the first TV show to air in color each week .
It was about the New York World 's Fair .
But not many of them were sold until about 1948 .
Each TV had to be hooked up to special wires underground .
SET 11
But it is not for people .
It will be home to our country 's supply of gold .
-LRB- FORT KNOX , KENTUCKY , 1936 -RRB- .
-LRB- FORT KNOX , KENTUCKY , 1936 -RRB- .
SET 12
Two of the presidents are Washington and Jefferson .
But when they are done , Mt. Rushmore will carry the faces of four presidents of the United States .
He helped to free the slaves after the Civil War .
-LRB- MT. RUSHMORE , South Dakota , 1932 -RRB- .
SET 13
The census is taken by our government .
This year , each person in the United States will be counted .
It comes once every ten years .
They will go from door to door .
SET 14
The two men are Young and Crippen .
It is called the space shuttle .
They will land in California later this week .
Young and Crippen can talk to people as they circle the earth .
SET 15
The first Seeing Eye dog was a German shepherd named Buddy .
The first Seeing Eye dog was a German shepherd named Buddy .
A famous school is 25 years old this year .
He was born in Switzerland .
SET 16
The call can be heard by people two miles away .
Whooping Crane Nests Found !
The last time a nest was seen was 50 years ago .
-LRB- CANADA , August , 1952 -RRB- .
SET 17
One year ago today , Dutch sailors found a strange , new island .
They say that Easter Island is full of huge statues with faces carved on them .
One year ago today , Dutch sailors found a strange , new island .
Easter Island is far away in the South Pacific Ocean .
SET 18
He will be known for all time as the first man to walk on the moon .
`` That 's one small step for man , one giant leap for mankind . '' .
-LRB- THE MOON , July 20,1969 -RRB- .
More trips are planned to the moon in the near future .
SET 19
The world is watching a young girl named Nadia .
Nadia is a gymnast .
She has been practicing for more than ten years .
Her home is in Russia .
SET 20
Doctor Mark is a pet doctor called a vet .
He got a biscuit to chew .
After the brushing , Sam got a reward .
-LRB- PHOENIX , ARIZONA , April 12 , 1989 -RRB- .
SET 21
In the movie , a young girl named Dorothy lives on a farm .
The movie is called `` The Wizard of Oz . '' .
-LRB- KANSAS CITY , KANSAS , November 13,1939 -RRB- .
In the movie , a young girl named Dorothy lives on a farm .
SET 22
Barbie Has A Birthday !
Barbie also has a younger sister named Scooter .
Barbie , the doll , turns 30 years old in 1989 .
Almost no one can find a Barbie doll that is 30 years old .
SET 23
They had flown many miles before their plane was lost .
She wanted to be the first woman to fly around the world .
-LRB- PACIFIC OCEAN , July , 1937 -RRB- .
She was last heard from as she flew over the ocean .
SET 24
The best-known circus was started by a man named P. T. Barnum .
The show was called `` under the big top . '' .
In 1938 , not many people had money to go to the circus .
At one time , the circus took place in a huge tent .
SET 25
But some bridge builders studied the problems .
It will be called the Golden Gate Bridge .
The work began in 1933 .
-LRB- SAN FRANCISCO , March 19 , 1936 -RRB- .
SET 26
Pilots like jets because they lift off the ground with ease .
A jet has a special engine .
-LRB- LOS ANGELES , 1950 -RRB- .
The boom can be heard on the ground miles away .
SET 27
The doctors warmed his body a little bit at a time .
The doctors call him a miracle boy .
Yesterday , Tommy was well enough to go home .
He must have had his face near an air bubble .
SET 28
This satellite was built in Russia .
In that country , it is called a sputnik .
-LRB- RUSSIA , October 4 , 1957 -RRB- .
It took only 96 minutes for the object to make one whole trip around the earth .
SET 29
The statue was given to the United States by France .
A party is being held today for the Statue of Liberty .
One of our most popular sights just turned 100 years old .
This famous statue is in New York Harbor .
SET 30
It was almost nine months after he sailed away to find a shortcut to India .
It was almost nine months after he sailed away to find a shortcut to India .
Christopher Columbus came home to Italy today .
But on October 12 , they spotted land .