SET 1
Their team leader was Doctor Sylvia Earle Mead , age 35 .
The women breathed through a new kind of machine .
On July 6 , they entered the water .
They lived in two white tanks placed below the surface .
SET 2
James Barry , the famous army doctor , died a few weeks ago .
It seems Doctor Barry was really a woman !
Doctor Barry finished her training in medicine at the young age of 15 .
This happened at the Battle of Waterloo .
SET 3
A few years ago , Doctor Sabin found a new way to check for TB .
Doctor Sabin 's test has cut the number of TB cases in half in Denver .
Doctor Sabin wo n't quit until people know a lot more about how to stay in good health .
In 1929 , President Hoover invited her dinner at the White House .
SET 4
The Chinese have their own way of keeping time .
Last year -- 4,687 -- was the year of the snake .
Chinese New Year is most often between January 20 and February 20 .
In China , each year is named for an animal .
SET 5
Disneyland is the dream of Walt Disney .
You can hop on the Nile Princess or the Amazon Belle .
-LRB- ANAHEIM , CALIF. , July 24,1955 -RRB- .
The second area is Fantasy Land .
SET 6
So , on October 5 , 1582 , everyone went to bed - and woke up the next day on October 15 .
In a leap year , there is one extra day which is always added to the month of February .
-LRB- Anytown , USA , February 29 , 1988 -RRB- .
The first leap year was 1584 .
SET 7
James Redfox from the Blackfoot tribe thought of the idea .
For hundreds of years , Indians owned the rights to all the land in the United States .
The first time this day was honored was in May of 1916 .
He even reached the White House and talked to the President .
SET 8
Good news for all kids !
In towns everywhere , fun events take place .
Children 's Day is held on the second Sunday in June .
Boys and girls bring flowers to decorate the churches .
SET 9
She meets a mean witch who causes a lot of trouble .
That is why it is called a full-length cartoon .
-LRB- LOS ANGELES , CALIF. , December 21,1937 -RRB- .
A new movie starts playing in theaters today .
SET 10
The man 's name is John Brallier , and he was paid $ 10 to take the place of someone who was hurt .
John 's team is called the Jeannette Sports Club .
The first football game between two schools took place in 1869 .
-LRB- LATROBE , PA. , September 4 , 1895 -RRB- .
SET 11
Tonight you will be able to see a rare sight in the skies when the earth moves between the sun and the Moon .
This event is called a total eclipse of the moon .
It wo n't hide the full moon again until 1992 .
Tonight you will be able to see a rare sight in the skies when the earth moves between the sun and the Moon .
SET 12
The people of France removed the king and queen from power .
The people of France removed the king and queen from power .
To the French , July 14 has the same meaning as July 4th does to the United States .
They took the king and queen to prison where they died .
SET 13
It was heard in New York by a young radio operator .
The name of the ship is the Titanic .
-LRB- Mid-Atlantic Ocean , April 16,1912 -RRB- .
-LRB- Mid-Atlantic Ocean , April 16,1912 -RRB- .
SET 14
The men are John Kennedy and Richard Nixon .
The talks are being called the `` Great Debates . ''
The voting will take place in early November .
The two men will stand on a stage .
SET 15
Take Robert H. Goddard , for example .
He says it is possible to make a machine that will fly in outer space .
In 1914 , he received a patent for his rocket .
He believes that someday a rocket can travel to the moon .
SET 16
A man named Richard Sears has been playing a joke on shoppers .
The ad showed a drawing of lovely furniture .
-LRB- North Redwood , Minn. , September , 1889 -RRB- .
That 's when Sears showed them the tiny print in his ad .
SET 17
The men are named Drake and Smith .
This product is called rock oil , and it is the same oil that has often been sold as medicine .
-LRB- Titusville , Penn. , August 31 , 1859 -RRB- .
They thought they would have to drill 1,000 feet to find oil but , instead , they found it at 70 feet .
SET 18
A young man named Daniel Craig has trained pigeons to carry the news .
Have you heard about the latest way to get news from overseas ?
-LRB- NEW YORK CITY , 1846 -RRB- .
The ships have all the latest news written down .
SET 19
His name is Washington Roebling .
United States President Chester Arthur will be on hand to honor those who helped build the Brooklyn Bridge .
-LRB- BROOKLYN , N. Y. , May 24 , 1883 -RRB- .
Arthur will stop by Roebling 's home after the bridge opens today to wish him well .
SET 20
Railroad time is the idea of William Allen .
Then they will be reset so they tell the same time .
-LRB- CHICAGO , ILL. , November 8 , 1883 -RRB- .
The time in a town 20 miles west of Chicago has been four minutes earlier .
SET 21
These storms are called solar flares , and they seem to happen about once every 11 years .
These storms are called solar flares , and they seem to happen about once every 11 years .
The last big flares were in 1979 , so they are arriving a little early this time .
Some 93 million miles from Earth , the sun is causing problems .
SET 22
Some real Pests have moved to Vermont for the summer .
Now they are doing their life 's work , which is to bite people and animals for their blood .
Most of them will die when fall comes , anyway .
People ca n't go outside in some neighborhoods .
SET 23
Another company town is named for George Pullman .
That means that one company will own the entire town .
The first company town was built in 1881 near Pittsburgh .
-LRB- ST. LOUIS , Missouri , 1893 -RRB- .
SET 24
You ask the government for your plot of land .
The name of the law is the Homestead Act .
If you stay on the land for five years , it becomes yours .
Many people will live in sod houses until they can afford the $ 1,000 it takes to buy lumber .
SET 25
Elisha Otis thought of a way to make the elevators safe .
It is called the elevator .
-LRB- NEW YORK , 1854 -RRB- .
The platform where they stand is surrounded by walls .
SET 26
The store and building are named for their owner , Frank Woolworth .
The world 's tallest building is one year old today .
On this day last year , the Woolworth Building opened its doors .
-LRB- Manhattan Island , N. Y. , April 24 , 1914 -RRB- .
SET 27
Their leader is a man named Martin Luther King .
She refused to give up her seat to a white person .
On December 1 , 1955 , a tired black woman rode on a crowded bus .
Until now , blacks have been forced to sit in the back of the bus .
SET 28
Japan has attacked U. S. sailors in Hawaii an started a war !
About 2,300 men on board have died .
-LRB- Pearl Harbor , Hawaii , December 7 , 1941 -RRB- .
-LRB- Pearl Harbor , Hawaii , December 7 , 1941 -RRB- .
SET 29
It 's their family dog , Millie .
It has been learned that Millie plans to write her life story and tell how she became `` First Dog . '' .
She is a two-year-old English springer spaniel .
Someone in the White House is about to write a book .
SET 30
They were named Pinky , Blinky , Inky , and Clyde .
The next year , the game of Pong was sold .
The first video game was sold in 1971 .
If so , you will enjoy a new show at the Moving Image Museum in Queens .